DAN: We were in a full on battle against Zenoheld
and his Alternative Weapons System.
That's when Keith pulled out the Zukanator.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Fire Helios!
HELIOS: Choke on this!
[explosion]
DAN: I was so busy fighting I only heard the
explosion, but it sounded huge.
Thing is, when I turned around to congratulate him,
he and Mira were gone.
I wonder where they could've gotten to.
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[\u266a]
DAN: Ability Activate!
DRAGO: Galactic Dragon!
ACE: Ability Activate!
PERCIVAL: [rising roar] Geor Gunner!
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: Enough fooling around.
Obliterate them!
INGRAM: Whoah...haah... [grunt, pain]
SHUN: [grunt, exertion] You okay, Ingram?
INGRAM: [panting] No worries. Just a scratch.
They can't slow me down.
[\u266a]
ELFIN: [gasp, frightened]
DAN: Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Final Fury.
ELFIN: [gasp]
PREYAS: Huuuuuuuuuuuaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!
[karate chop noises]
PREYAS: That'll teach you creeps for ganging up on
my precious Elfin!
ELFIN: [excited gasp] My hero!
[startled gasp]
MARUCHO: Oh man...
MARUCHO: ...where did all those guys come from?
PREYAS: Ah! What now?
BARON: Ability activate!
NEMUS:Sparkly Roa!
PREYAS: Nice one, Nemus!
PREYAS: Huh? Whah?
Whoa...oof...yow...hey!
How 'bout you make some room in there for me?
VULCAN: Haaaaaaah!
GUS: [grunt, exertion] [gasp]
GUS: Hydron?
GUS: So you decided to run back to Daddy, huh?
[\u266a]
HYDRON: Steady Dryoid.
ZENOHELD: What are you waiting for?
ZENOHELD: Fire!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Huh. Guess he's still mad then.
PRINCE HYDRON: Ability activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Sword Smasher!
PRINCE HYDRON: Fusion ability activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Double Caliber!
[\u266a]
PROFESSOR CLAY: Hmmm.
PROFESSOR CLAY: For the first test drive the
Alternative is performing...very well.
PROFESSOR CLAY: But still, there's always room
for improvement.
PROFESSOR CLAY: I'll do one final sweep to make
sure the analysis is complete.
PROFESSOR CLAY: One can never be too careful when
striving for perfection.
I'd hate to overlook something that might leave
us exposed to counter attack.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Huh? What's this?
PROFESSOR CLAY: It looks like an incoming video signal.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Its origin is from beyond this dimension.
But how...
MIRA: Father... PROFESSOR CLAY: Huh?
PROFESSOR CLAY: Mira? What are you doing here?
PROFESSOR CLAY: Listen, we have nothing to talk about.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Huh..I disagree.
PROFESSOR CLAY: [gasp] You again.
KEITH/SPECTRA: We've come to make...a final appeal...
...Father.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Huh, you just don't give up, do you?
MIRA: Father, please! You've got to stop this madness.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Even if I wanted to shut down the
Alternative, I couldn't... You're too late for that.
MIRA: Father!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Enough!
Surely you see Zenoheld's plan is pure evil.
KEITH/SPECTRA: How can you in good conscience
continue to be a part of it?
ACE: Guys! We're getting our butts handed to us!
BARON: Dude, we're trying but this thing's just too
powerful!
DAN: [angry growl] Huh?
Hey, so where did Keith and Mira go?
NEMUS The last I saw they were trying to poke holes
in the hull.
Maybe they found a way in.
DAN: Yeah! Maybe they did.
Which means we should be able to make our own hole!
MARUCHO: If we can get to the heart of the
enemy's lair then...
DAN: Right!
We can rip those clowns apart from the inside out.
SHUN: Actually...
SHUN: ...we just need to find the power reactor to
make it go boom.
DAN: Let's do this, guys!
GAUNTLET: Ready, Jetkor!
DAN: Battle Gear, Boost!
[\u266a]
DAN: Battle Gear Ability, activate!
DAN: Jetkor Level 2!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
[explosion]
DAN: Yeah! That was fun!
NEMUS I don't think they liked that.
VULCAN: I'll be happy to take their complaints.
GUS: Go! Get out of here!
DAN: Gus. You heard him guys!
PERCIVAL: Good luck, Vulcan!
[\u266a]
VULCAN: [rising, mighty roar]
DRAGO: Someone should stay behind and guard the rear,
so we don't get boxed in.
PREAYAS Yeah. Yeah.. OK. Elfin and I can do that.
DAN: Marucho is that cool?
MARUCHO: Yup. The three of us make an awesome team.
ELFIN: Be careful guys!
ELFIN: I feel so bad that I can't... [gasp]
PREYAS: Don't be silly, Elfin.
ELFIN: You fought an amazing fight out there
MARUCHO: ...and now it's time we hang back and keep
things safe for the others...huh?
ELFIN: [sleeping noises]
MARUCHO: Uh...
MARUCHO: Well...this is awkward.
[\u266a]
VULCAN: Huuuuuuaaah!
VULCAN: Gus!
VULCAN: Did everyone make it inside?
GUS: Yeah. You cleared the way for them.
VULCAN: That's good.
'Cause I don't think I have much left in me.
GUS: We'll at least go down fighting.
VULCAN: [grunt, pain]
GUS: [grunt, pain]
PRINCE HYDRON: Ability Activate!
GUS: [gasp]
PRINCE HYDRON: Accel Speed!
[\u266a]
GUS: [grunt, exertion] What the...?
Dryoid?
PRINCE HYDRON: That was payback for springing me from jail.
GUS: [gasp] I guess...we're even.
GUS: And here I thought you'd gone running back to
your father, King Zenoheld.
PRINCE HYDRON: It looks like...nobody wants me
around now.
DAN: Shun! You think you can find the power reactor?
SHUN: Yeah.
SHUN: I used an old ninja mind trick to memorize the
Alternative's blueprint.
SHUN: This way!
ZENOHELD: Hah! ! Look at them!
ZENOHELD: Like moths flying directly towards my flame.
SHUN: [gasp] Wait Dan! It's a trap!
DAN: Ah snap!
[\u266a]
ACE: [gasp] Guys look over there. Hey!
BARON: Where are they from?
[\u266a]
INGRAM: I don't recognize them from New Vestroia.
PERCIVAL: How about you, Drago?
DRAGO: No. I've never seen them before.
NEMUS Well, if they're not from New Vestroia then where?
PROFESSOR CLAY: Hmmph.
It seems your friends have been caught in my Virtual trap.
MIRA: [gasp]
MIRA: Dan! Drago!
PROFESSOR CLAY: It's a bonus feature I built into
the Alternative.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Let them go!
PROFESSOR CLAY: Your friends will have a chance
to leave but only if they win their battle.
Otherwise, the system will synthesize them and turn
them into data.
And then...
PROFESSOR CLAY: ...they'll be mine forever.
MIRA: Father, no!
PROFESSOR CLAY: [gasp]
MIRA: [whimpering]
MIRA: Please Father! ...Make it stop!
MIRA: Willda! We have to get to my father!
DAN: C'mon, Drago! Time to bust out of here!
PERCIVAL: [grunt, pain]
[\u266a]
ACE: Whoa! He bit the Dain Sleif right in half?
SHUN: Ability Activate!
SHUN: Hand Demon, Moonlight Slash!
INGRAM: Haaaaaaaaahhhh!
MIRA: I'm begging [sob] you...
MIRA: Please Father, come back to us!
PROFESSOR CLAY: [grunt]
DAN/ACE/BARON/SHUN: [pain, exertion]
INGRAM: Arrrrgggghhh. My eyes!
PERCIVAL: It's like the sun.
DRAGO: I can't see!
DAN: Drago! It looks like these guys are gonna be tough.
Time to kick.
Ability Activate!
DRAGO: Galactic Dragon! [mighty roar]
[\u266a]
DAN: What?
SHUN: Ingram!
INGRAM: Haaaaaaaaah!
INGRAM: [grunt, pain] Whoa!
INGRAM: [grunt, pain]
BARON: Ability activate!
NEMUS Float Shield!
BARON: That should keep him there. Just like...
BARON: ...a cockroach on a sticky trap!
SHUN: Mmmm-hmmm. Ability activate!
SHUN: Wind Echo!
INGRAM: Haaaaaaaaaah!
MIRA: You can stop this...and be our father again!
[\u266a]
PERCIVAL: [pain, exertion]
ACE: Percival no!
DAN: Yeah! Ability Activate!
DRAGO: Burning Reflector!
[\u266a]
ACE: Ability activate!
PERCIVAL: Stray Thunder!
PERCIVAL: Huuuuuuaaaaahhh!
DAN: Battle Gear Ability, activate!
DRAGO: Jetkor!
[\u266a]
MIRA: [whimpering]
PROFESSOR CLAY: Why are you crying?
PROFESSOR CLAY: Can't you see how beautiful this is?
And I was the one who brought the Alternative to life!
PROFESSOR CLAY: I used unknown data from another
dimension to build it.
Do you know what that means?
MIRA: Father...
PROFESSOR CLAY: It means there are other worlds out
there containing Bakugan and technology that we
know nothing about!
PROFESSOR CLAY: So how can you, ask me to abandon all
of this and leave with you?
PROFESSOR CLAY: With all of the potential data out
there to be analyzed the Alternative could continue
to evolve...
PROFESSOR CLAY: ...and one day, perhaps, reach perfection.
DAN: Dream on, pal.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Huh?
MIRA: Dan!
DAN: This thing is a million miles away from perfection.
PROFESSOR CLAY: What's this?
They were able to destroy four of the unknown Bakugan?
DAN: Listen, I'd love to keep chatting but we've
got to get on with destroying that power
reactor, so we can get home in time for dinner.
PROFESSOR CLAY: No! Stop it! Don't you dare!
If you destroy the power reactor -
MIRA: [grunt] Do it Dan!
MIRA: Blow this evil thing to smithereens!
KEITH: Do it now, Dan.
DAN: The fans have spoken. You ready, Drago?
DRAGO: Just say the word, Dan!
DAN: Okay! Time to go, Kaboom!
ACE/DAN/BARON/SHUN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Phalanx! DRAGO: Dragon Phalanx!
[\u266a]
ACE: Geor Gunner! PERCIVAL: Geor Gunner!
SHUN/INGRAM: Wind Power, Glimmering Shadow Slash!
BARON: Sparkly Arrow! NEMUS Sparkly Arrow!
[\u266a]
[explosion]
DAN: Come on guys, time to split!
PROFESSOR CLAY: My creation!
PROFESSOR CLAY: It's...destroyed.
MIRA: [gasp]
KEITH/SPECTRA: This place is going to
blow...Father...come with us.
PROFESSOR CLAY: [gasp] Keith.
MIRA: We have to go.
MIRA: You don't have to be afraid.
[explosions]
GUS: Do those explosions mean...
GUS: ...that the others succeeded?
MARUCHO: I think so.
What else could it be?
VULCAN: We should get out of here, then.
We're in danger.
PREYAS: You're right. Let's go!
GUS: [gasp] Where did Hydron go?
ZENOHELD: Those blasted Brawlers!
ZENOHELD: There's no time to punish their actions right now.
I'll have to evacuate but this isn't over.
Farbros, detach!
ZENOHELD: What? [grunts and gasps]
ZENOHELD: [grunt] Whoa!
ZENOHELD: Farbros!
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: [gasp, frightened]
ZENOHELD: [frightened, scream]
PRINCE HYDRON: Going somewhere, old man?
ZENOHELD: [gasp] Hydron!
[\u266a]
PROFESSOR CLAY: [gasp]
[explosions]
DAN: [gasp]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Battle Gear Ability, activate!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Zukanator!
[blast]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Come on, Mira. This way hurry.
MIRA: Yeah. Father...
MIRA: Come on, it's time to go.
PROFESSOR CLAY: [gasp]
PROFESSOR CLAY: Watch out!
MIRA: [gasp, scream]
MIRA: Father! [scream]
[\u266a]
MIRA: Keith! Help!
MIRA: Oh no! Father!
KEITH: Let's go!
MIRA: [gasp]
PROFESSOR CLAY: [grunting, moaning]
MIRA: Willda! Can you move the rubble so we can save him?
PROFESSOR CLAY: No Mira. Leave me here.
PROFESSOR CLAY: There's no time.
You need to go now.
MIRA: Don't say that. We're not gonna leave you here!
PROFESSOR CLAY: Sorry, Mira.
MIRA: Father!
KEITH: Come back here!
MIRA: Where are you going?
[explosions]
PRINCE HYDRON: I think it's only fitting that the
Captain go down with his ship, don't you agree with
me Father?
ZENOHELD: Are you mad Hydron?
Don't you realize that you won't make it out of here
either you fool?
MIRA: Father!
KEITH: We have to let him go, Mira.
MIRA: I won't leave him here!
KEITH/SPECTRA: There's...no time left.
[explosion]
MIRA: Faaaaaaaaaaaaaaather!
[\u266a]
PROFESSOR CLAY: What is...
PROFESSOR CLAY: These Bakugan...are at war...
ZENOHELD: Stop this!
PRINCE HYDRON: Volt, Lync...I'll be there soon.
[\u266a]
[explosion]
ACE: And, Professor Clay?
GUS: Unfortunately, Hydron sealed his fate along with
the fate of King Zenoheld.
DAN: Man.
MIRA: It's okay...I'm alright guys .
DAN: Mira...
KEITH/SPECTRA: With Zenoheld, Hydron
and...father gone...we are all...finally safe from
harms way and can move on.
DAN: It's finally over.
MIRA: Yes.
DAN: [gasp]
MIRA: It's time that we end our journey and return
to Vestal.
MIRA: I admit I wasn't a big fan of yours when we
first met...
MIRA: ...but now...you're just like family to
me...Thank-you, Dan.
DAN: Wow. Thank-you, Mira. Take care of yourself.
BARON: Try not to miss me too much, okay guys.
MARUCHO: Well, we'll try our best not to.
ACE: Stay chill, Shun.
SHUN: Always.
WILLDA It was good to battle with you, Ingram.
INGRAM: It is a great honour, I promise.
PERCIVAL: You feeling okay now Elfin?
ELFIN: Oh yeah! A hundred percent.
I could do a back flip. Wanna see?
DRAGO: [laughs]
Helios...
HELIOS: Don't worry Drago. We'll meet again.
And hopefully we'll still be on the same side.
DRAGO: After all we've been through, I'd hope so.
HELIOS: [laughter] Fingers crossed.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Dan, try not to get into too much
trouble, okay?
I won't be around to watch your back all the time.
KEITH/SPECTRA: But if you ever need anything...don't
hesitate to reach out.
DAN: Thanks.
KEITH/SPECTRA: You showed me the error of my ways
and I thank you for that Dan Kuso.
GUS: We both do.
And I am glad that we can call each other \"allies\" now.
DAN: Allies? Dude, we're brothers!
[\u266a]
DAN: Alright, take it easy, guys!
DAN: Don't be strangers OK?
Come visit us any time!
MARUCHO: You've always got a place to crash at my house!
SHUN: Be well!
DAN: [grunt] SHUN: [grunt]
MARUCHO: Yeeeeeaaaaahhhh!
MIRA: Dan!
KEITH: Hey...don't worry you'll see him again.
MIRA: [chuffs]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Vestal Destroyer...Destination Vestal.
Go!
DAN: I can't believe you were able to completely
repair this in only three weeks, Marucho.
You ready to take it for a spin?
MARUCHO: Yup. And I'm going to choose Aquos Akwimos to
help me out with that.
SHUN: Yeah. Nice one.
And I'll take Ventus Hawktor.
MARUCHO: And, how about you, Dan?
DAN: Come on...
DAN: You know the answer to that.
DAN: Drago's the only partner for me.
REN: Excuse me...
REN: Would you be the Bakugan Battle Brawlers?
DAN: Huh?
[\u266a]